in the 18th year of king jeroboam Abijah
in the 18th year of king jeroboam Abijah became king over Judah he reigned three
became king over Judah he reigned three
became king over Judah he reigned three years in Jerusalem his mother's name was
years in Jerusalem his mother's name was
years in Jerusalem his mother's name was my care the daughter of urea of Gibeah
my care the daughter of urea of Gibeah
my care the daughter of urea of Gibeah and there was war between Abijah and
and there was war between Abijah and
and there was war between Abijah and Jeroboam Abijah set the battle in order
Jeroboam Abijah set the battle in order
Jeroboam Abijah set the battle in order with an army of valiant warriors 400,000
with an army of valiant warriors 400,000
with an army of valiant warriors 400,000 choice men Jeroboam also drew up in
choice men Jeroboam also drew up in
choice men Jeroboam also drew up in battle formation against him with
battle formation against him with
battle formation against him with 800,000 choice men mighty men of valor
800,000 choice men mighty men of valor
800,000 choice men mighty men of valor then Abijah stood on Mount Cimmerian
then Abijah stood on Mount Cimmerian
then Abijah stood on Mount Cimmerian which is in the mountains of Ephraim and
which is in the mountains of Ephraim and
which is in the mountains of Ephraim and said hear me Jeroboam and all Israel
said hear me Jeroboam and all Israel
said hear me Jeroboam and all Israel should you not know that the Lord God of
should you not know that the Lord God of
should you not know that the Lord God of Israel gave the dominion over Israel to
Israel gave the dominion over Israel to
Israel gave the dominion over Israel to David for ever to him and his sons by a
David for ever to him and his sons by a
David for ever to him and his sons by a covenant of salt yet Jeroboam the son of
covenant of salt yet Jeroboam the son of
covenant of salt yet Jeroboam the son of Nebat
Nebat
Nebat the servant of Solomon the son of David
the servant of Solomon the son of David
the servant of Solomon the son of David rose up and rebelled against his Lord
rose up and rebelled against his Lord
rose up and rebelled against his Lord then worthless rogues gathered to him
then worthless rogues gathered to him
then worthless rogues gathered to him and strengthened themselves against Rio
and strengthened themselves against Rio
and strengthened themselves against Rio Boehm the son of Solomon when Rio Baum
Boehm the son of Solomon when Rio Baum
Boehm the son of Solomon when Rio Baum was young and inexperienced and could
was young and inexperienced and could
was young and inexperienced and could not withstand them and now you think to
not withstand them and now you think to
not withstand them and now you think to withstand the Kingdom of the Lord which
withstand the Kingdom of the Lord which
withstand the Kingdom of the Lord which is in the hand of the sons of David Lee
is in the hand of the sons of David Lee
is in the hand of the sons of David Lee and you are a great multitude and with
and you are a great multitude and with
and you are a great multitude and with you are the gold calves which Jeroboam
you are the gold calves which Jeroboam
you are the gold calves which Jeroboam made for you as gods have you not cast
made for you as gods have you not cast
made for you as gods have you not cast out the priests of the Lord the sons of
out the priests of the Lord the sons of
out the priests of the Lord the sons of Aaron and the Levites and made for
Aaron and the Levites and made for
Aaron and the Levites and made for yourself priests like the peoples of
yourself priests like the peoples of
yourself priests like the peoples of other lands so that whoever comes to
other lands so that whoever comes to
other lands so that whoever comes to consecrate himself with a young ball and
consecrate himself with a young ball and
consecrate himself with a young ball and seven Rams may be a priest of things
seven Rams may be a priest of things
seven Rams may be a priest of things that are not gods
that are not gods
that are not gods but has for us the Lord is our God and
but has for us the Lord is our God and
but has for us the Lord is our God and we have not forsaken him and the priests
we have not forsaken him and the priests
we have not forsaken him and the priests who minister to the Lord are the sons of
who minister to the Lord are the sons of
who minister to the Lord are the sons of Aaron and the Levites attend to their
Aaron and the Levites attend to their
Aaron and the Levites attend to their duties and they burn to the Lord every
duties and they burn to the Lord every
duties and they burn to the Lord every morning and every evening burnt
morning and every evening burnt
morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense they also
sacrifices and sweet incense they also
sacrifices and sweet incense they also set the showbread in order on the pure
set the showbread in order on the pure
set the showbread in order on the pure gold table and a lamp stead of gold with
gold table and a lamp stead of gold with
gold table and a lamp stead of gold with its lamp to burn every evening for we
its lamp to burn every evening for we
its lamp to burn every evening for we keep the command of the Lord our God but
keep the command of the Lord our God but
keep the command of the Lord our God but you have forsaken him
you have forsaken him
you have forsaken him now look God Himself is with us as our
now look God Himself is with us as our
now look God Himself is with us as our head and his priests with sounding
head and his priests with sounding
head and his priests with sounding trumpets to sound the alarm against you
trumpets to sound the alarm against you
trumpets to sound the alarm against you o children of Israel do not fight
o children of Israel do not fight
o children of Israel do not fight against the Lord God of your father's
against the Lord God of your father's
against the Lord God of your father's for you shall not prosper but cherubim
for you shall not prosper but cherubim
for you shall not prosper but cherubim caused an ambush to go around behind
caused an ambush to go around behind
caused an ambush to go around behind them so they were in front of Judah and
them so they were in front of Judah and
them so they were in front of Judah and the ambush was behind them and when
the ambush was behind them and when
the ambush was behind them and when Judah looked around to their surprise
Judah looked around to their surprise
Judah looked around to their surprise the battle line was at both front and
the battle line was at both front and
the battle line was at both front and rear and they cried out to the Lord and
rear and they cried out to the Lord and
rear and they cried out to the Lord and the priests sounded the trumpets then
the priests sounded the trumpets then
the priests sounded the trumpets then the men of Judah gave a shout and as the
the men of Judah gave a shout and as the
the men of Judah gave a shout and as the men of Judah shouted it happened that
men of Judah shouted it happened that
men of Judah shouted it happened that God struck Jeroboam and all Israel
God struck Jeroboam and all Israel
God struck Jeroboam and all Israel before Abijah and Judah
before Abijah and Judah
before Abijah and Judah the children of Israel fled before Judah
the children of Israel fled before Judah
the children of Israel fled before Judah and God delivered them into their hand
and God delivered them into their hand
and God delivered them into their hand and Abijah and his people struck them
and Abijah and his people struck them
and Abijah and his people struck them with a great slaughter so 500,000 choice
with a great slaughter so 500,000 choice
with a great slaughter so 500,000 choice men of Israel fell slain thus the
men of Israel fell slain thus the
men of Israel fell slain thus the children of Israel were subdued at that
children of Israel were subdued at that
children of Israel were subdued at that time and the children of Judah prevailed
time and the children of Judah prevailed
time and the children of Judah prevailed because they relied on the Lord God of
because they relied on the Lord God of
because they relied on the Lord God of their fathers and Abijah pursuit
their fathers and Abijah pursuit
their fathers and Abijah pursuit Jeroboam and took cities from Bethel
Jeroboam and took cities from Bethel
Jeroboam and took cities from Bethel with its villages
with its villages
with its villages Hashanah with its villages and Ephraim
Hashanah with its villages and Ephraim
Hashanah with its villages and Ephraim with its villages so Jeroboam did not
with its villages so Jeroboam did not
with its villages so Jeroboam did not recover strength again in the days of a
recover strength again in the days of a
recover strength again in the days of a badger and the Lord struck him and he
badger and the Lord struck him and he
badger and the Lord struck him and he done
done
done but a badger grew mighty married 14
but a badger grew mighty married 14
but a badger grew mighty married 14 wives and begat 22 sons and 16 daughters
wives and begat 22 sons and 16 daughters
wives and begat 22 sons and 16 daughters now the rest of the acts of Abijah his
now the rest of the acts of Abijah his
now the rest of the acts of Abijah his ways and his sayings are written in the
ways and his sayings are written in the
ways and his sayings are written in the annals of the Prophet it
annals of the Prophet it
annals of the Prophet it [Music]